README.md, before:

# Casting Should Be Free ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/HanSolo1000Falcon/CastingShouldBeFree/total)
Casting Should Be Free is a **free** and **open source** casting mod, no secrets, no paywall.
I myself am not a part of the competitive community but yesterday I joined some servers and looked around, everything I could see was toxicity and "oh use this casting mod, it only costs x dollars instead of y dollars"
That is awful for a community, having to pay to do such a trivial part.
I know that there exists free casting mods, but those mods can have anything in them. Terrys casting mod is just a `.dll` he sends in the discord that *might* be obfuscatetd (although take the obfuscation with a grain of salt as I haven't checked for myself)
AcuteBunny recently made a free casting mod too but that one is just a mess. It is free, yes. But! It still uses KeyAuth and you don't get the mod for free, you get a license to use the mod for free (her own words)
The competitive community could be so much more if they stopped caring so much about their "private methods" thus I made this.
Enjoy!

![What the mod looks like](https://github.com/HanSolo1000Falcon/CastingShouldBeFree/blob/master/CastingShouldBeFree/Resources/Sk%C3%A4rmbild%202025-09-16%20204251.png)

Commit message:

Update README with legal notice and project details
Added legal notice and clarified project purpose.

README.md, after:

# Casting Should Be Free ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/HanSolo1000Falcon/CastingShouldBeFree/total)

> Legal Notice
> This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v2.0

Casting Should Be Free is a **free** and **open source** casting mod, no secrets, no paywall.
I myself am not a part of the competitive community but yesterday I joined some servers and looked around, everything I could see was toxicity and "oh use this casting mod, it only costs x dollars instead of y dollars"
That is awful for a community, having to pay to do such a trivial part.
I know that there exists free casting mods, but those mods can have anything in them. Terrys casting mod is just a `.dll` he sends in the discord that *might* be obfuscatetd (although take the obfuscation with a grain of salt as I haven't checked for myself)
AcuteBunny recently made a free casting mod too but that one is just a mess. It is free, yes. But! It still uses KeyAuth and you don't get the mod for free, you get a license to use the mod for free (her own words)
The competitive community could be so much more if they stopped caring so much about their "private methods" thus I made this.
Enjoy!

![What the mod looks like](https://github.com/HanSolo1000Falcon/CastingShouldBeFree/blob/master/CastingShouldBeFree/Resources/Sk%C3%A4rmbild%202025-09-16%20204251.png)
